{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Expanding the nRF network for greater OFD resolution:\
\
The main problem is the number of bloody pins the nRF modules use - seven.\
So you will quickly run out of available digital (as well as (converted) analog) pins for sensors. This will also mean that additional boards will be necessary. A cheaper alternative to even nanos would be a big plus. Check out the \'93Blue Pill\'94 and the Instructable on how to use it with the nRF module.\
\
Here it is:\
https://www.instructables.com/id/NRF24L01-on-STM32F103/\
\
This video explains how to program the STM32 micro controller and its benefits over an Arduino Uno:\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLEQk73zJoU\
\
Note: After exploring the STM32 boards further, I think it best to stick to Arduinos. Simply because of the greater number of libraries available, compared to the STM32. This will help expand functionality.\
\
Note: will need to order a FTDI serial adapter because the STM32 doesn\'92t come with boot loader installer.\
\
This video might also be helpful:\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGbiT6IxGP0\
\
-\
Link to ArduPilot Glossary:\
https://ardupilot.org/planner/docs/common-glossary.html\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
FTDI
\f0\b0 : A standard to convert USB to serial communications. Available as a chip for boards that have a USB connector, or in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://store.jdrones.com/cable_ftdi_6pin_5v_p/cblftdi5v6p.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 cable}} to connected to breakout pins. FTDI stands for Future Technology Devices International, which is the name of the company that makes the chips.\
\
-\
To overcome the 2.4GHz channels interference with the Pixhawk\'92s comms:\
Johnathan recommended using the TBS XF Race Antenna 868MHz to modulate the drone\'92s comms frequency. Available here:\
https://www.quadcopters.co.uk/tbs-xf-race-antenna-868mhz\
\
-\
Fly Aware ADS-B \
This was Johnathan\'92s suggestion to overcome the issue of overhead planes when trying to operate an autonomous drone:\
https://uk.flightaware.com/adsb/piaware/build\
\
^ this link also shows how to build your own \'93PiAware\'94, but Johnathan said this wasn\'92t necessary. Fine to show awareness and to have identified a possible solution, which is what this would be.\
\
There is also the possibility to receive a FREE FlightFeeder for the project. Details here:\
https://uk.flightaware.com/adsb/request\
}